# Assignment-4 : Commlab Games

## Description
A version of Catch the Flag, where there are two teams of two contestants each aiming to capture the other team's flag, which is a rectangular sign. Each member is armed with paper balls, and if they hit an opponent, they are out of the game. The video is integrated into an interactive website allowing the user to choose which team he is rooting for. Camera angles were chosen to facilitate the story and mini-interviews were shot to be used at various points within the video. The overall effect is a short, entertaining video following an engaging storyline set in a well-built, interactive website. Shot on phone. 

## Process
After it was decided that shooting would be carried out in the nighttime, a small script was introduced where it was decided that the story would follow one attack from either team. Wide angled shots were used to depict larger scenes while bright close-ups were used to illustrate tension and suspense. The same scene was shot different times to allow the viewer to see it from many enlightening angles. Cuts and transitions were introduced using Adobe Premier Pro and Adobe After Effects, and a sturdy website was built to host the video. It was evident at the middle of day one that the Blackmagic camera did not do well in the night; an iPhone was used instead, which gave us much greater versatility and ease in shooting. 

## Reflection / Evaluation 
It was a momentous realization that the difficulties of managing a tripod, SD card, constantly charging camera, etc, could be avoided by simply using a phone camera, not to mention that the shots were far crisper, clearer, and easily stored and shot. This cut our shooting time manyfold. In addition, we realized that instinct serves well when deciding angles for shots, but imagining oneself as the audience serves us even better. We also realized after shooting that whatever content we had shot, the possibilities of what we could do with it using modern editing and effect-adding technologies were absolutely endless, and that we could do anything. It was also realized that sometimes the best content is that which is the simplest, and that shots difficult in their production do not warrant a place in the final video by nature, and the same goes for shots that were easy to make. Overall, this experience made us appreciate the work of editors and directors much more, and helped us see a fraction of the effort and dedication that goes into a good movie
